# The Solution

I believe good design comes from iterations of decent design, which is why I find a single-class approach very enticing compared to that of a multi-class approach. With a single class, I can quickly target and alter any element without having to worry about potential side effects. Yet, as exemplified in the button dilemma, it's an ill-advised pursuit. Cue the lights and grab the popcorn because the stage is set for extend &mdash; aka classes.

The core concept of extend is the ability to “extend” the properties of one class into another. For instance, we could extend the `.button` into `.hook` thus mitigating our button dilemma and achieving the same result as stacking classes in HTML: `class="button hook"`. The origins of this concept stem from a principle characteristic in classical Object Oriented programming that allows a base class to be extended into a target class. In doing so, the target class inherits all of the properties and methods of said base class. In short, classes are a way to extend a "base" `ctr` class into any `ctr` instance. Hence, instead of stacking CSS classes in HTML, `ctr` classes are designed to be stacked in `ctr` instances to create a CSS-centric multi-class pattern rather than an HTML-centric one.

The relationship shift that `ctr` classes introduce streamlines the design process in a manner that eliminates the inevitable fragmentation that occurs in an HTML multi-class design pattern. Not only do classes centralize styles but they also eradicate the pains of CSS priority rules since what you see is what you get. In that, a `ctr` instance scope can only have a single background property. However, the party does not stop there: multiple classes can rely on shared variables while retaining fine grain control and extensibility on an individual level. The abstraction provided by classes, combined with everything else `ctr` has to offer, creates an absurd amount of flexibility and control which is nothing short of delicious. So to answer your question Philip, it’s delicious, it’s really fucking delicious. In fact, I would go so far as to say it's in the same league as my Mother's baking.

<div class="cf"></div>
<div class="end"></div>
